Add section about data injection (#185)
redhat-appstudio/docs.appstudio.io: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to-guides/testing_applications/proc_creating_custom_test.adoc

. Add your new custom test as an integration test in {ProductName}.
.. For additional instructions on adding an integration test, see this document: xref:how-to-guides/testing_applications/proc_adding_an_integration_test.adoc[Adding an integration test].

.Data injected into the PipelineRun of the integration test

When you create a custom integration test, {ProductName} automatically adds certain parameters and labels to the PipelineRun of the integration test. This section explains what those parameters and labels are, and how they can help you.

Parameters:

> * `SNAPSHOT`: contains the xref:../../glossary/index.adoc#_snapshot[snapshot] of the whole application as a JSON string. This JSON string provides useful information about the test, such as which components {ProductName} is testing, and what git repository and commit {ProductName} is using to build those components. Click link:https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/integration-examples/blob/main/examples/snapshot_json_string_example[here] to see an example of a snapshot JSON string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *`SNAPSHOT`*: contains the xref:../../glossary/index.adoc#_snapshot[snapshot] of the whole application as a JSON string. This JSON string provides useful information about the test, such as which components {ProductName} is testing, and what git repository and commit {ProductName} is using to build those components. For information on snapshot JSON string, see link:https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/integration-examples/blob/main/examples/snapshot_json_string_example[snapshot json string example]
```

> * `NAMESPACE`: If your integration test specifies that {ProductName} should deploy the snapshot to an ephemeral environment during testing, then {ProductName} adds this parameter to indicate which namespace it uses for that deployment. This parameter can help you query Kubernetes resources that are deployed in the test environment, such as routes, deployments, and pods. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *`NAMESPACE`*: If your integration test specifies that {ProductName} should deploy a snapshot to an ephemeral environment during testing, then {ProductName} adds the `namespace` parameter to indicate which namespace it uses for that deployment. This parameter can help you query Kubernetes resources that are deployed in the test environment, such as routes, deployments, and pods. 
```

Labels:

> * `appstudio.openshift.io/application`: contains the name of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *`appstudio.openshift.io/application`*: contains the name of the application.
```

> * `appstudio.openshift.io/component`: contains the name of the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *`appstudio.openshift.io/component`*: contains the name of the component.
```

> * `appstudio.openshift.io/snapshot`: contains the name of the snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *`appstudio.openshift.io/snapshot`*: contains the name of the snapshot.
```
